Add changelog for 1.4.0 (#133)
jupyterhub/ltiauthenticator: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.4]

### [1.4.0] - 2023-03-01

> The main purpose of this release is to remove the broken implementation of LTI 1.3 introduced in the previous release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main purpose of this release is to remove the non-functional `LTI13OAuthenticator` class introduced in 1.3.0 while its being worked on towards a functional state.
```
